Alternate Content Source Models (#1437)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/workflows/alternate-content-sources.rst

Alternate Content Sources
=========================

.. warning::
    This feature require plugin support to work correctly.

Overview
--------

> Pulp supports a concept of Alternate Content Sources that using Remote and Repositories covertly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulp supports the concept of Alternate Content Sources which sync content using a Remote.
```

Each content source is a potential alternate provider of files that are associated with content units in Pulp.

> Pulp maintains hidden repositories of the content provided by each ACS which must be refreshed manually.

Reviewer: I don't think this implementation detail is worth mentioning to the user. Then again, it doesn't hurt though if you think it's worthwhile.

> The next time Pulp needs to download a file associated with a content unit, it searches ACSes for alternate sources

Reviewer: Can you wrap the paragraphs in this file at 100 chars?

> Create Alternate Content Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an Alternate Content Source
```

-------------------------------

> To create ACS you will need to create Remote (with "on_demand" policy) with a base path of your Alternate Content Source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an ACS you will need to create a Remote (with "on_demand" policy) with a base path of your Alternate Content Source.
```

.. code-block::

    http --form POST :24817/pulp/api/v3/acs/<plugin_name>/<content_type>/ remote=<remote_pulp_href> paths='["directory/", "folder/"]'

> Argument ``paths`` is optional. If any path is not provided, base path of your remote is used to search for content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``paths`` parameter is optional. If any path is not provided, base path of your remote is used to search for content.
```

You can add or remove paths later.

> Update Alternative Content Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update an Alternative Content Source
```

---------------------------------

> To update ACS use similar call but use ``patch`` to your ACS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an ACS, use a similar call to your ACS but with ``patch`` method:
```

.. code-block::

    http --form PATCH :24817/pulp/api/v3/acs/<plugin_name>/<content_type>/<acs_uuid>/ paths='["<path>"]' remote=<remote> name=<name>

Refresh
-------

> To make the ACS to be available next time you will sync, you need to call ``refresh`` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the ACS available the next time you sync, you will need to call ``refresh`` endpoint.
```

> It will go through your paths and catalogise content in your content source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will go through your paths and catalog content from your content source.
```

Alternate Content Sources
=========================

.. warning:: This feature require plugin support to work correctly.

Overview
--------

Pulp supports the concept of Alternate Content Sources which sync content using
a Remote.  Each content source is a potential alternate provider of files that
are associated with content units in Pulp.  The next time Pulp needs to
download a file associated with a content unit, it searches ACSes for alternate
sources.

Create an Alternate Content Source
----------------------------------

To create an ACS you will need to create a Remote (with the "on_demand" policy)
with a base path of your Alternate Content Source.

.. code-block::

    http --form POST :24817/pulp/api/v3/acs/<plugin_name>/<content_type>/

>     remote=<remote_pulp_href> paths='["directory/", "folder/"]'

Reviewer: Code blocks need not be wrapped
